hello guys it's epic hear from those
guys next door and this is the second
episode of joy stick our gaming
basically gaming news a video sequence
series and whatever you want to call it
I don't really know but so the first
topic I only got two topics today I'm
sorry for that there just hasn't been
too much going on in the gaming world
don't get me wrong there's stuff going
on I just nothing that interests us and
when I screw this i'm just going to go
on anyway the first thing i have is the
new model 143 the controversy over some
new leaked footage that came out now i
can't show you leaked footage because a
person who uploaded it has deleted the
video so i was trying to find some for
you guys but I couldn't but what the
video depicts is a scene from mod
warfare 3 set in New York and basically
a kid's head goes and goes berserk and
like the whole the whole kid just like
explodes in front of the screen which is
pretty insane but um what it brings back
is the memories from the no Russian
moment back in model for to wear that
was like a huge controversy and they
just had that killing spree going on and
you couldn't really do anything you
could stand down but i mean i don't know
i'm not going to say any more to that
but all I'm saying is in this song in
the model for 3 thing basically you're
just able to look around and just see
everything being destructed you can do
anything about it which is a problem so
that seems to be like bringing back
memories I mean clearly I'm not getting
to a point here but all I'm trying to
say is it's a it's it's controversial
because I mean that got really
controversial and this is just a topic
that's out there I want to see what you
guys think about it in the comments
section below but really personally I
think I'm call of duty doing this again
is not the best it's not the smartest
thing to do at this point because of the
good reputation they have oh I guess I
guess that could be debatable but I'm
just going to move on to the second
topic the second topic is um there was
what do you call it when a Microsoft
Kinect is coming for windows so
Microsoft Kinect that thing you have on
your xbox 360 over there to that TV you
have over there
that's on top of all your video games
over there that thing is coming for
Windows yes windows so the beta 2 came
out and it's basically testing an
operating system that will run the
Microsoft Connect now we don't exactly
know what it's going to do so we don't
know if it's going to be like Oh dancing
in front of your computer screen or any
of that stuff but I'm pretty sure no
one's gonna dance for another computer
screen just putting that out there but
I'm just what I'm trying to say is um
Microsoft Kinect is coming for windows
which is pretty cool because now not
everyone wants to have an xbox 360 to
play Microsoft Kinect and because
personally I'm a ps3 guy so you guys
guys that's the end of the episode I'm
sorry that's a little longer I kept like
slowing down on stuff and keep talking
and talking and talking I'm sorry I will
try to chug along next time goodbye